DOC: Update CONTRIBUTING.rst (#28158)
numpy/numpy: CONTRIBUTING.rst

Pull requests (PRs) are always welcome, but making a PR is just the
start. Please respond to comments and requests for changes to help

> Skip asking for assignments—just contribute and say, "Here's my work, review it." It makes collaboration and support much easier.

Reviewer: I'm sorry to be so nitpicky but I think it's important - a beginner may not understand what "assignments" mean in this context, and I think we can work on the tone of the review request. I'd say something like
```suggestion
Skip asking for an issue to be assigned to you on GitHub—send in your PR, explain what you did and ask for a review. It makes collaboration and support much easier.
```

Again this is nitpicky but since we're looking to guide people I'd rather be more careful with the wording here. Thanks for following up!

> move the process forward. If you are new to contribution, avoid making questions like - "Can I work on this issue or please assign this to me" instead do your contribution and narrate - "I have done this, review it or Here's my work". It would be easy to help and contribute.

Reviewer 2: Please break the long line, <= 88 chars is fine.
